Docs for extended support for Kubernetes versions in EKS-A (#9231)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/concepts/support-versions.md

This page contains information on the EKS Anywhere release cycle and support for Kubernetes versions.

> Each EKS Anywhere version contains at least four Kubernetes versions. When creating new clusters, we recommend that you use the latest available Kubernetes version supported by EKS Anywhere. However, you can create new EKS Anywhere clusters with any Kubernetes version that the EKS Anywhere version supports. To create new clusters or upgrade existing clusters with a Kubernetes version under extended support, you must have a valid and active license token for the cluster you are creating or upgrading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each EKS Anywhere version contains at least four Kubernetes versions. When creating new clusters, we recommend that you use the latest available Kubernetes version supported by EKS Anywhere. However, you can create new EKS Anywhere clusters with any Kubernetes version that the EKS Anywhere version supports. To create new clusters or upgrade existing clusters with a Kubernetes version under extended support, you must have a valid and unexpired license token for the cluster you are creating or upgrading.
```

- Management components (Cluster API controller, EKS Anywhere controller, provider-specific controllers)
- Cluster components (Kubernetes, Cilium)

You can find details about each EKS Anywhere release in the [EKS Anywhere release manifest](https://anywhere-assets.eks.amazonaws.com/releases/eks-a/manifest.yaml). The release manifest contains references to the corresponding bundle manifest for each EKS Anywhere version. Within the bundle manifest, you will find the components included in a specific EKS Anywhere version. The images running in your deployment use the same URI values specified in the bundle manifest for that component. For example, see the [bundle manifest](https://anywhere-assets.eks.amazonaws.com/releases/bundles/89/manifest.yaml) for EKS Anywhere version `v0.21.5`.

> EKS Anywhere follows a 4-month release cadence for minor versions and a 2-week cadence for patch versions. Common vulnerabilities and exposures (CVE) patches and bug fixes, including those for the supported Kubernetes versions, are included in the latest EKS Anywhere minor version (version N). High and critical CVE fixes and bug fixes are also backported to the penultimate EKS Anywhere minor version (version N-1), which follows a monthly patch release cadence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EKS Anywhere follows a 4-month release cadence for minor versions and a 2-week cadence for patch versions. Common vulnerabilities and exposures (CVE) patches and bug fixes, including those for the supported Kubernetes versions, are included in the latest EKS Anywhere minor version (version N). High and critical CVE patches and bug fixes are also backported to the penultimate EKS Anywhere minor version (version N-1), which follows a monthly patch release cadence.
```

Reference the table below for release dates and patch support for each EKS Anywhere version. This table shows the Kubernetes versions that are supported in each EKS Anywhere version.
<!-- See /docs/data/version_support.yml -->
{{< eksa_support >}}

* Older EKS Anywhere versions are omitted from this table for brevity, reference the [EKS Anywhere GitHub](https://github.com/aws/eks-anywhere/tree/main/docs/data/version_support.yml) for older versions.

## Kubernetes versions

> The release and support schedule for Kubernetes versions in EKS Anywhere aligns with the Amazon EKS release and support schedule, including both standard and extended support Kubernetes versions, as documented on the [Amazon EKS Kubernetes release calendar.](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/kubernetes-versions.html#kubernetes-release-calendar) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The release and support schedule for Kubernetes versions in EKS Anywhere aligns with the Amazon EKS release and support schedule, including both standard and extended support for Kubernetes versions, as documented on the [Amazon EKS Kubernetes release calendar.](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/kubernetes-versions.html#kubernetes-release-calendar) 
```

> A Kubernetes version is under standard support in EKS Anywhere for 14 months after it's released in EKS Anywhere. Extended support for Kubernetes versions was released in EKS Anywhere version v0.22 and adds an additional 12 months of CVE and critical bug fix patches for the Kubernetes version. To use Kubernetes versions under extended support with EKS Anywhere clusters, you must have a valid and active license for each cluster you will create or upgrade with extended support Kubernetes versions. The patch releases for Kubernetes versions are included in EKS Anywhere according to the EKS Anywhere version release schedule defined in the previous section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Kubernetes version is under standard support in EKS Anywhere for 14 months after it's release in EKS Anywhere. Extended support for Kubernetes versions was released in EKS Anywhere version v0.22.0 and adds an additional 12 months of CVE patches and critical bug fixes for the Kubernetes version. To use Kubernetes versions under extended support with EKS Anywhere clusters, you must have a valid and unexpired license token for each cluster you will create or upgrade with extended support Kubernetes versions. The patch releases for Kubernetes versions are included in EKS Anywhere according to the EKS Anywhere version release schedule defined in the previous section.
```

> Unlike Amazon EKS in the cloud, there are no automatic upgrades in EKS Anywhere and you have full control over when you upgrade. On the end of the extended support date, you can still create new EKS Anywhere clusters with that Kubernetes version if the EKS Anywhere version includes it. Any existing EKS Anywhere clusters with the unsupported Kubernetes version continue to function. As new Kubernetes versions become available in EKS Anywhere, we recommend that you proactively update your clusters to use the latest available Kubernetes version to remain on versions that receive CVE patches and bug fixes. You can continue to get troubleshooting support for your EKS Anywhere clusters running on unsupported Kuberentes versions if you have an EKS Anywhere Enterprise Subscription. However, if there is an issue that requires code changes, the only resolution is to upgrade as patches are no longer made available for Kubernetes versions that have exited extended support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike Amazon EKS in the cloud, there are no automatic upgrades in EKS Anywhere and you have full control over when you upgrade. At the end of the extended support period, you can still create new EKS Anywhere clusters with that Kubernetes version if the EKS Anywhere version includes it. Any existing EKS Anywhere clusters with the unsupported Kubernetes version continue to function. As new Kubernetes versions become available in EKS Anywhere, we recommend that you proactively update your clusters to use the latest available Kubernetes version to remain on versions that receive CVE patches and bug fixes. You can continue to get troubleshooting support for your EKS Anywhere clusters running on unsupported Kubernetes versions if you have an EKS Anywhere Enterprise Subscription. However, if there is an issue that requires code changes, the only resolution is to upgrade as patches are no longer made available for Kubernetes versions that have exited extended support.
```

## Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)

**1. Where can I find details of the changes included in an EKS Anywhere version?** 

For changes included in an EKS Anywhere version, reference the [EKS Anywhere Changelog.]({{< relref "../whatsnew/changelog" >}})

**2. How can I be notified of new EKS Anywhere version releases?**

To configure notifications for new EKS Anywhere versions, follow the instructions on the [Release Alerts page.]({{< relref "../whatsnew/snsUpdates" >}})

**3. Does EKS Anywhere have extended support for Kubernetes versions?**

> Yes. Extended support for Kubernetes versions was released in EKS Anywhere version v0.22 and adds an additional 12 months of CVE and critical bug fix patches for the Kubernetes version. To use Kubernetes versions under extended support with EKS Anywhere clusters, you must an EKS Anywhere Enterprise Subscription, and a valid and active license for each cluster you will create or upgrade with extended support Kubernetes versions. You must use EKS Anywhere version v0.22 or above to use extended support for Kubernetes versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes. Extended support for Kubernetes versions was released in EKS Anywhere version v0.22.0 and adds an additional 12 months of CVE patches and critical bug fixes for the Kubernetes version. To use Kubernetes versions under extended support with EKS Anywhere clusters, you must have an EKS Anywhere Enterprise Subscription, and a valid and unexpired license token for each cluster you will create or upgrade with extended support Kubernetes versions. You must use EKS Anywhere version v0.22.0 or above to use extended support for Kubernetes versions.
```
